docs/source/installation/guide.rst, before:

Installation Guide
==================

The following subsections will describe how to install all the tools and dependencies
we need to set up and run this project. You can skip these subsections if you have already installed them in your machine.

Install Git
--------------

Git manages code versions for you. 
Use the following command to install Homebrew in macOS. You can find more about Homebrew in
`here <https://brew.sh/>`_ ::

   /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

Then use Homebrew to install ``git`` on Mac. ::

   brew install git

This is one way to install ``git`` on Mac. More methods 
`here <https://git-scm.com/download/mac>`_.

If you use Windows, you can select and download ``git`` from `this page <https://git-scm.com/downloads>`_. 

Install Node
---------------

You need to install Node Package Manager, or NPM, which comes with Node.js.  
You can see if you have Node already installed by going to your terminal and typing::

   node -v

If you don't have Node already installed you can visit the `Node.js website <https://nodejs.org/en/>`_ 
to download it. 
You can find both Mac and Windows versions of Node in there. 
It is recommended to use the LTS version of Node. 

Then install Node using the downloaded Node installer.

Install Truffle 
------------------

Truffle is a development environment, testing framework, 
and asset pipeline for blockchains using the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). 
Truffle provides important features for smart contract development. In this project, 
we use Truffle for smart contract compilation and deploying them to the blockchain. 
You can find more on Truffle in 
`this site <https://www.trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/overview>`_.

You can install Truffle globally in your machine using the following command::

   npm install -g truffle

This command can be used to install Truffle in both Mac and Windows.

Install Ganache.
-------------------

`Ganache <https://www.trufflesuite.com/ganache>`_ is a personal blockchain, which is a local 
development blockchain that can be used to mimic the behavior of a public blockchain. 
It can be used as your personal blockchain for Ethereum development. 
It is available on Windows, Mac, and Linux as a desktop application and a command line tool.

.. image:: ../images/ganache.png

You can find the latest release for your operating system 
`here <https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache/releases>`_. 
Once you have downloaded the archived package, extract the installer and run through the setup steps. 
Once you've installed it, you should see following screen whenever you open it choose the **Quickstart** option:

.. image:: ../images/quickstart.png

.. image:: ../images/ganache_accounts.png

**Quickstart** gives you a new locally executing blockchain.

Install MetaMask
-------------------

To interact with a blockchain, we need an interface mechanism. We can use a browser for this purpose.
For the Google Chrome browser, we can install a browser extension called Metamask to turn your web browser into a blockchain browser.

.. image:: ../images/metamask.png

To install Metamask, 
`visit this link <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn?hl=en>`_ 
or search for the Metamask Chrome plugin in the Google Chrome web store. 
Once you have installed it, be sure to pin it on the browser.
You will see the Metamask fox icon on the top right part of your Chrome browser when it is installed.

Metamask allows us to manage personal blockchain accounts once we have connected them to the blockchain, 
as well as manage Ether funds that we will need to pay for transactions.

Install Mongo DB
----------------

you can detailed installation in `mongoDB site <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/>`_

**Prerequisites**

Ensure your system meets each of the following prerequisites. 
You only need to perform each prerequisite step once on your system. 
If you have already performed the prerequisite steps as part of an earlier MongoDB 
installation using Homebrew, you can skip to the installation procedure.

**Install Xcode Command-Line Tools**

Homebrew requires the Xcode command-line tools from Apple's Xcode.

- Install the Xcode command-line tools by running the following command in your macOS Terminal: ::

   xcode-select --install

**Install Homebrew**

macOS does not include the Homebrew brew package by default.

 - Install brew using the official `Homebrew installation instructions. <https://brew.sh/#install>`_

**Installing MongoDB 5.0 Community Edition**

Follow these steps to install MongoDB Community Edition using Homebrew's brew package manager. 
Be sure that you have followed the installation prerequisites above before proceeding.

1. Tap the MongoDB Homebrew Tap to download the official Homebrew formula for MongoDB and 
the Database Tools, by running the following command in your macOS Terminal: ::

      brew tap mongodb/brew

If you have already done this for a previous installation of MongoDB, you can skip this step.

2. To install MongoDB, run the following command in your macOS Terminal application: ::

      brew install mongodb-community@5.0

Commit message:

add example data project guide to docs

docs/source/installation/guide.rst, after:

Installation Guide
==================

The following subsections will describe how to install all the tools and dependencies
we need to set up and run this project. You can skip these subsections if you have already installed them in your machine.

Install Git
--------------

Git manages code versions for you. 
Use the following command to install Homebrew in macOS. You can find more about Homebrew in
`here <https://brew.sh/>`_ ::

   /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

Then use Homebrew to install ``git`` on Mac. ::

   brew install git

This is one way to install ``git`` on Mac. More methods 
`here <https://git-scm.com/download/mac>`_.

If you use Windows, you can select and download ``git`` from `this page <https://git-scm.com/downloads>`_. 

Install Node
---------------

You need to install Node Package Manager, or NPM, which comes with Node.js.  
You can see if you have Node already installed by going to your terminal and typing::

   node -v

If you don't have Node already installed you can visit the `Node.js website <https://nodejs.org/en/>`_ 
to download it. 
You can find both Mac and Windows versions of Node in there. 
It is recommended to use the LTS version of Node. 

Then install Node using the downloaded Node installer.

Install Truffle 
------------------

Truffle is a development environment, testing framework, 
and asset pipeline for blockchains using the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). 
Truffle provides important features for smart contract development. In this project, 
we use Truffle for smart contract compilation and deploying them to the blockchain. 
You can find more on Truffle in 
`this site <https://www.trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/overview>`_.

You can install Truffle globally in your machine using the following command::

   npm install -g truffle

This command can be used to install Truffle in both Mac and Windows.

Install Ganache.
-------------------

`Ganache <https://www.trufflesuite.com/ganache>`_ is a personal blockchain, which is a local 
development blockchain that can be used to mimic the behavior of a public blockchain. 
It can be used as your personal blockchain for Ethereum development. 
It is available on Windows, Mac, and Linux as a desktop application and a command line tool.

.. image:: ../images/ganache.png

You can find the latest release for your operating system 
`here <https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache/releases>`_. 
Once you have downloaded the archived package, extract the installer and run through the setup steps. 
Once you've installed it, you should see following screen whenever you open it choose the **Quickstart** option:

.. image:: ../images/quickstart.png

.. image:: ../images/ganache_accounts.png

**Quickstart** gives you a new locally executing blockchain.

Install MetaMask
-------------------

To interact with a blockchain, we need an interface mechanism. We can use a browser for this purpose.
For the Google Chrome browser, we can install a browser extension called Metamask to turn your web browser into a blockchain browser.

.. image:: ../images/metamask.png

To install Metamask, 
`visit this link <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn?hl=en>`_ 
or search for the Metamask Chrome plugin in the Google Chrome web store. 
Once you have installed it, be sure to pin it on the browser.
You will see the Metamask fox icon on the top right part of your Chrome browser when it is installed.

Metamask allows us to manage personal blockchain accounts once we have connected them to the blockchain, 
as well as manage Ether funds that we will need to pay for transactions.

Install Mongo DB
----------------

you can detailed installation in `mongoDB site <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-os-x/>`_

**Prerequisites**

Ensure your system meets each of the following prerequisites. 
You only need to perform each prerequisite step once on your system. 
If you have already performed the prerequisite steps as part of an earlier MongoDB 
installation using Homebrew, you can skip to the installation procedure.

**Install Xcode Command-Line Tools**

Homebrew requires the Xcode command-line tools from Apple's Xcode.

- Install the Xcode command-line tools by running the following command in your macOS Terminal: ::

   xcode-select --install

**Install Homebrew**

macOS does not include the Homebrew brew package by default.

 - Install brew using the official `Homebrew installation instructions. <https://brew.sh/#install>`_

**Installing MongoDB 5.0 Community Edition on macOS**

Follow these steps to install MongoDB Community Edition using Homebrew's brew package manager. 
Be sure that you have followed the installation prerequisites above before proceeding.

1. Tap the MongoDB Homebrew Tap to download the official Homebrew formula for MongoDB and 
the Database Tools, by running the following command in your macOS Terminal: ::

      brew tap mongodb/brew

If you have already done this for a previous installation of MongoDB, you can skip this step.

2. To install MongoDB, run the following command in your macOS Terminal application: ::

      brew install mongodb-community@5.0

3. To run the MongoDB, run the following command in your macOS Terminal application: ::

      Run MongoDB Community Edition

For Linux and Windows users can follow the `Install MongoDB Community Edition <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/>`_
page to install MongoDB on your computer.

MongoDB Compass is a powerful GUI for querying, aggregating, and analyzing your MongoDB data in a visual environment.

Compass is free to use and source available, and can be run on macOS, Windows, and Linux.

You can refer `Download and Install Compass <https://docs.mongodb.com/compass/current/install/>`_ page to setup MongoDB Compass in your 
computer.
